I'm working Thursday 20 in July
what's up
and then work is good night thursday
twenty-three of july 19 hours that on the small screen here elisângela interpreter of
pounds out here far away the major vitor hugo government leader now put I was
knowing that he had been fired for leadership this is better you came here
charge me something here last week fired there oo sales fire o
patron saint is impressive the materials always start right a source a person
close to the government a minister who didn’t want to identify himself but that’s okay as
touch the boat he the planet today the young pan guys
thank you very much for I will post the following right disseminating the
our channel I always tell our people when it ends here the live sample comes in
in the young pan the final comments by augusto nunes zé maria and victor are used
to and also ana paula huh ok ball fast game today is the day of the road cop
new federal congratulations these asphalt professionals and how
disclosed in my social life today ok they learned only today right and more laine
and Mato Grosso do Sul 5 tons of marijuana
the São Paulo brains 750 kg of cocaine according to the purity of this
paste there can can several 110 million are already in cocaine
oh and also now there were 66 thousand amphetamine pills in the bahia
so on the birthday of the federal highway policeman who great for whom
wins this is us with this brilliant situation in our land and
the course of new 600 prf has already started there in santa catarina if god
want to end of november i will be in possession of these future ones
the photo's professionals I'm congratulations to the federal highway policeman for his day
and thank you for this wonderful job that you sell doing now curiosity
taking into account these two months here June and July taking into account the
previous two months, right or last year practically tripled apprehension
of drugs here by the federal highway police okay congratulations live so general the
prf agile for is working of the objective mind protecting us in the physis
also learning weapons drugs and soon i will give a survey
also his seizure of arms since when minister minister andrea took over
mendonça, right and the new director general of the police of the prf
previous periods bridge over the xingu river the feasibility was studied by
part of the ministering wisdom that waits for next week is free of the virus he
is present on my side here and he must have already contracted the project for
engineering and environmental license, that alone takes almost a year, but I would like
was faster but unfortunately it takes time but what matters here brings you back
had everything in that form to eliminate the technical viability of the bridge the
cost-benefit ratio if it really would be worthwhile for the union to spend on
bridge and then you will find Ó and the transportation of special grains from the
compensating region quickly he already dispatched then to the feasibility study
technical measure 984 freedom in football and this is going to give what that
speak ahead right 16 teams from the first division of the videos are
favorable to her okay a large part of the second division team are also
favorable forecast is forecast for mana, perhaps the people from the Northeast will come in the second
division comes to brasilia and being fine I already let you know when she is very
receive them who know how to show a chat with him and the second division is very
important here in Brazil you can see that this provisional measure you know
and it is freedom in football over football sport to negotiate the right to
arena on the image day with which television well understand other media
whatever it is that I want to sell the image of yours of your game then
I had a dante then I would pass to its owner that date of the sale of that senai and
also in my scissors a very good thing, you know, the right five percent of
all this income is divided for the athletes that entered the field, so the measure
exceptional people hope that parliament will not let it lapse the
who knows how well I am very well thanks to god is the minister onix and also
the minister milton ribeiro of education the exam virus was committed
positive and immediately started taking hydroxychloroquine makes it very clear
that an adherence to the doctor and the patient as was my case I am recommending
for no one I took 12 hours later I was feeling really good and
as i am very well thanks to god until today the same thing reported me onix
also stirring, the minister cut the milton, right, of the education feeling
very well also so make it clear here i see today i saw a governor speaking
there criticizing a Latin resort I don’t know what talking about science until I remembered the
wood is at peace until the state government there sold the college of the
we believe in science but there is no proof of scientific income in and
like a few days and as it is not because there is no scientific evidence right then the
what happens you are not recommended and it is also not recommended either
neither me nor nor is it all this yet but sooner or later it will arrive at
conclusion regarding this now while there is no clear remedy right
to attack this problem is valid in this one because I am not mistaken they call it
off label this out of the package insert so doctor you know that you have to have this freedom is not
in the ass but he stops and prescribes here is to write get strong in
prescribes don't want to offer anything else
and the doctor off layman, right, and the patient and many say that this practice is
a lot of illness and left without treatment until today a lot of things were discovered, right with
these attempts that the person has measures with this know that there will be a
serious problem ahead and we could test this medicine
there is another 50 years of Brazil, especially in the Amazon region and the one sold there has
a red stripe here for what I know there is poured without a prescription and has
some cases with a few meters worked out also have to talk to me
Renowned huh has been talking to me saying that his experience his
observation from fiorentina has worked so who doesn't have one another
alternative that does not want to prohibit hydroxychloroquine for those who
perhaps I want my suitcase to be prescribed by a doctor from Serra da
mantiqueira we are there the armed forces are there working around the clock to
fight a fire and the information I had on the
serra da mantiqueira special was our air force with c-130 and more and
other means, right, that fought the fire in the Serra da Serra da
mantiqueira with seedorf for brazil we were a lot that i have is more
1000 dota do brasil greeting me and inspecting the region where he has the
agribusiness is the center-west of são paulo also a lot of rio grande do sul
pernambuco now receives my city eldorado paulista thank you very much to pain
the old xiririca paulista also has a billboard there I hope it's fine in
the next few days or keep my schedule there in the valley of the river and did not come out in love
right, also some other municipalities would not have works of the federal government of
back I intend to pass by the tapiraí table
hug there in the sergeant in the cable we wait for the people that and hit the phone in my
guy twice I called him when he believed it was me, but everything
well you can talk to him there in the picture it's okay I hope the sergeant will pay
a coffee for me tapiraí ok let's continue here it's closing here look
the amazon fires a photo here of the nasa satellite
the compare here is in red is the heat focus right fire compare brazil
with aa the sub-saharan part about a young woman your
major infantry business was special here 01 from academy or from
infantry from where the academy found the smart infant here is not just her
not well not 10 10 united states and fire
classification then after she two kilos the staff the ball tender and a
vacancy only for the camera a vacancy that passed to a public tender camera whose
command was also made this candle because 02 stepped on the ball 01 of the thing I send
then specials there when you finish the course for people to get in that
that year 16v and I in the physical education course has 45
it was 01 and in the diving course by the gbs search and rescue group there from
rio de janeiro in barra because it is mute right we were going to be paulo for hard for the
another here regarding the relationship touching the head is yours I would leave it there
you come here the back with your daughter zero also has a lot of part has to
take away your nothing here demonstrating and the criticism is left to sit and look at the
Amazon region doesn’t have it has nothing red doesn’t set the forest on fire
it doesn’t catch fire it’s a nasty campaign all the time against brazil because that’s
well with the economy brazil is a giant in agribusiness ok agribusiness is not
stopped the pandemic congratulations to melissa tereza cristina to rural producers
for this wonderful job that you've always done for Brazil, it's always
thinking after the founding of embrapa and brazil it grew a lot in this area and the
our the pepper over a billion people in the
world we are leaving for eight billion inhabitants right then leaving
for eight billion inhabitants more or less there fifteen percent there of the
world population brazil feeds its people there for all residents then the
campaign and what happens is often a newspaper here the one known here does not
does everything to overthrow the government for and speaks lies publish a lie to
company from outside gets public lie there in europe from the company here goes there and takes
from europe and come here look how is it I am president in europe she is there
underneath it doesn’t preserve the environment it doesn’t care for this or that it’s just
there are certain regions here the fire outbreak right there is going to exist with the
every year the caboclo is the Indian who sets fire you don’t set fire and culture
he’s going to eat, he has nothing to eat for the next year and even more
this is the size of the amazon is bigger than all of europe there is no way to do it
inspecting we tried a provisional measure made there with the minister
tereza cristina that the regulation of land tenure is np910 has expired
that is, it was not put into powder if it had been put around it would be approved
I will the provisional measure of the freedom of football if the foot of the bed puts in
I am sure it will be approved ok then with this regularization case
every piece of land in brazil was approved you could detect by satellite
the accuracy is enormous, you would know in the land of those who are that focus, do not understand
even more to know if in that area he could practice it or not that he
arrange Amazon for example twenty percent of each property you can
apply you can investing here with you can deforest eighty percent don't
and it’s almost killed too bitter if you’re going to add the eight twenty years all that
they must kill in the amazon they killed south america
look that it is cleared again that it is allowed to kill itself at that time only
there was a lack of approval of the provisional measure governing land regulation, after that
as a provisional measure fell a bill was presented a little
differently he expects the congress to approve that his helps us not to be
identify who might have criminally set fire to and killed your
property is how it will inhibit this practice and this pressure will end
international and often disproportionate and not true against
Brazil hi sister in amazonas just for curiosity
right at the beginning since the past I don’t know who said it here for me to put the
source here had the ten percent of the phrase in the world today we have thirty percent
percent is not because more water was planted in Brazil here in other countries
heard killing here not now when some speak right and reforestation could
start the reform is Europe right to take an exam so we don't want to
reforest what already has forest here in Brazil in the case of the amazon
nature is running out fundeb
and the initial proposal started to be three years of friends more or less three years
three years ago the government paid the equivalent of ten percent of the expenditure
oh ok about the financing of public basic education and the proposal
not to go to 40 but what I would go through 80 90 right since
had revenue ok now it was a very big struggle the government did its part
what happens at 40 had to create two cpf is simple right had to increase
some federal taxes now can handle creating new tax
I can take more crying and I can’t take it and Brazil’s education isn’t going well
a lot of time is more your financial problem is curriculum problem what
teach the classroom who will not teach ok so the teacher has or
not how to exercise your authority in the classroom that without authority you don't
can do and teach nothing to those who like military major who didn’t, I didn’t
the son before I apply god of the maximum example linking you
have you ever seen me be from here waiting for a military school is one of 23 girls per
new coincidence and they made military college between them for example paulo
guedes made a military college of bh o levi that walking from one made the military college of
Porto Alegre, among many others, some military personnel also attended a military college.
you take the colleges of the military police of goiás than that of the state here of
a joão vitor hugo 61 school, there is a school there, the one with approval in the enemy is 100
percent is 100 percent the same thing military school in the state of amazonas
also i had one there before the human head a hunk of the campaign gets
irritating then the kids really learn because it has to be cousin to have
here there is punishment, boy, the boy stays until later to leave the classroom
class ok this is the punishment right let's say i'm trying to beat up kid not
has nothing to do with it is not right has to art
the sound there with homework goes on the boy presents inside the house on the day
next with this little chat is not going to present the presence like that then
work has discipline and where the teacher has the means to exercise his
authority then runs that the militarized schools of the military police
with the example here from the amazonas is from goiás military school you don't 13
military colleges of the brazil army let's do a fourteenth now in
if you had the resources, right? I said during the campaign, I wanted to leave
to do there, there is meat and Brazilian state to at least one military college but not
I have recourse to this when talking about fundeb, too, we are going to collect
least understand that she passed that no one expected this crisis from could
this thick thick climate with the fundeb that we caught we now support the
parliament is going to have to help us where to look for resources to pay for this
progressivity until it went from 10 to 20 and three percent understand 6 to 12
years sent from year 10 to 23 percent ok and 10 years will have a review
it's also good so in the sixth there will be a
review to save analyze how is the financial situation of brazil
because it is more of a mandatory expense, right, there is more and more mandatory expense in the
budget over ninety percent of the mandatory expenditure budget
payment of the public payroll is for social security debt charges, right?
great weight just then i think it hits i'm not sure here but
the next ninety percent of our company is there now according to what
happen if there is no source of revenue for example tarciso i will retire not
going to work on what comes because if you don’t have a budget from the ministry of culture
the bridge on the xingu river that i said will now be frozen the works are going
stay frozen so it's a serious problem that we have and today we are
trying to solve many problems with reforms with for example the reform
tax now get an already excuse attributes here tax reform now the
Brazil is one of the worst countries in which to do business, so when the world
want to grow up here when they see if they are like audi
the hole that mouth huge class of fines inspections taxes
food goes away then lets go entering the little by little changing leaving
we have here that beautiful economic freedom, right, it was more like a bean with
our rice here in Brazil but it was very welcome is glad this girl was
in são vicente guarujá or santos i entered a pizzeria and that was i think
end of the year but the carnival more or less and the guy was thinking about thanking
why he was waiting for the license
economic freedom he was able to start working and the city had
30 days to grant the permit to them, right, that doesn’t grant you would continue
working here one more thing a question is to release here
sweet that pops up money i want you the tough question
augusto nunes take it be a hard question here you see
and the complicated to answer he put in check here asking certain questions
here it is not that I run away in the press not the interpretation the next day no
it is for the young pan that I know that you will fight with a lot of debate with a lot of
responsibility what you heard about here but other press agencies will get
15 seconds I said here make a carnival the next day until the team
play with all the powers that criticize me legislative augusto I'm
at 65 I think you have a little more than that right elimination
normal age, in the rest I feel very well-disposed, I'm a little
agonized rate portal practically stuck here in the bush
it is from a room, right, the program for me to see here when the flag is
lowering the national flag here became a problem, yes, even if not
there are also patriots how many people go there today i stayed about 40
people sometimes the correct ones over there a little more and what matters
talk to the people and see the flag being all well some don't need the
heart here we take care there in need to be terrified about the virus
ah ah i'm already watching tv here all day also ok
always connected, follow a little of our press here, right, and I can see
authority right from outside Brazil saying that this pandemic came
to stay at least until 2022 for the people have to work my god
that the consequences, right and not working you are much worse than that
provided by the virus itself I want to tell you august right are these
municipal elections now for sure they will ask for each
candidate if you take over in January said of next year how will it be the
its restrictive policy here in são paulo rio de janeiro goiânia recife
salvador manaus is a small town too so the candidates for mayor right
get ready for kind of a question that how are you going to proceed is going to keep
the same line you get are hi how's the snake line is you
will keep the snake line if the gas elections there and another
thing seize the moment is not talked about this is municipal I do not intend to me
get involved in candidacy for mayor in Brazil I don’t mean I don’t go
participate in a place another right but I do not intend a person like it very much in mines
general to see the candidate in bh right maybe a candidate will come
my city eldorado paulista i will campaign with your 3 thousand
voters do not intend to maybe collaborate with us there to councilor one another and for
that because Brazil has problems I have to be worried about the
unemployment that created children, right, with this policy, from everyone at home
terror please fine i will arrest i don't know what it is and brazil's job you want
our part we help here this as little as possible we help with r $ 600 and
before you of the people is not mine we did our best but this policy will have to
will have to be delayed because if we stay we will continue with the isolation
meet if brazil wins a country of the poor and a country of the poor
socialism is seeing this fertile ground for that to
first wave of life I remember once talking about that in that let's see
army truck scavenging bodies through the streets my god in heaven what point we
we reached the peak the week that came is I don't know when I don't know when
okay, the terror all the time was a boy who spent a lot more there talking
it's very special for that television he liked, right than working on it
so the panic was spread has unemployment society a lot of jobs the
informal calls invisible right a little over 40 million and got lost
almost all of them losing their totality in their income, so surviving they manage
be real that one day it will end because there is no way the union can pay every month 50
billions of rest meet and on top of people you need because if you
continue the economy for a long time, there is no time for those
more savings have to take place is everyone's responsibility and even good
that we are having elections ahead of us now so that this issue is going to be ok
arguing so much could even councilman alderman have to participate and rarely
of a councilor a parliamentarian is to discuss in this photo it looks like the mayor is not
running the music for this disease also looks like the governor has nothing
to do with him have to participate he has to put the guy to press risks
always putting the economy to work now valcarla at the end of the line is over
are concerned with life we ​​are concerned with life but the effect
collateral even this policy, everyone at home will kill if it’s no longer
killed many more people than the glass itself
and help me if you use one I could comment on the sum of the forces of
security of rio de janeiro the journalist with the stun gun for
being possible is also the case of the one you
security in santa catarina who invaded the home of a ballerina
because she is receiving friends at home, how do you see this way of
be the wires is the case of the river I saw the
images, right, some, I say that he disapproved is always this story, does it act?
inadmissible that they made window I thought she was a crucible could not have
died and look at the security people and respond so I have a lot of friends
military police firefighters municipal guards alright let's buy a
car nobody's getting disobeyed and the mayor's governor but measure
I will also measure it because there is a problem, this guy dies because of
a stun gun like that you will answer man it will not be the governor
mayor and another one has no reason to do this is not appropriate for
that day way as if it were the predator on top a box owner put on
regarding the isolation correction there is no point this has a new protocol
I don't know who I want to confirm for example after the 14th
the cat on the 17th I am not mistaken you do not transmit anymore now I can’t even with
this protocol in quotes I will drink coffee better than my doctor today
at night I can't go out on the street because there will be a lawsuit with the chicken
so I will only be able to leave here when there is negative and in this case the
another him a whole house until the increase itself here wires I got a lot
these days I think about 20 days ago about 25 that I don’t design here
came out of bed under restrictive measures I put the pen see has a lot of
thing one of the things there said about condominium ok the day of being your manager
building you were there taking a guaraná with three four colleagues in the corner there
hi and the superintendent not to go with your face on you and just ended up
meeting is over chat is over tubaine is not going to take a tubaine is going
I’m going to change you home so I vetoed the time yes we can this power no
that's it, you are discussed in a meeting and it was not a decision
federal and selling about 15 articles in this project I got too much now has to do
with you here this second house there in a house of a ballerina whose saint
catarina and i put it in i tried here the imposition of
fines for non-compliance with the duty to wear a mask I will not teach one a
federal law here to change by the mask wearing components where
not even the amount of the fine is given, it would not work would not work in any way
way and gave this project this freedom for people to enter the
residence believe it if you want and this is an absurd thing I think even
better explore this then show the article vetoed the absurdity that are
doing I don't want to be there for governor not because the goal of santa catarina is
elected using my name is very good example of Rio de Janeiro, right and then I don’t know
that hit people in the head they decided to attack me there wasn’t with
the intention is right and holy singing is suffering a lot for actions of this type
part of the governor tião you are not mistaken is a colonel of the fire brigade
right is the commander Moses I am not mistaken so yeah I did not see this second
image and knowing about santa catarina but it is a
absurdity that has been going on just as well that proves by chance one of the elections
will be able to comment on this one right and discuss these absurdities now what
people are proving it is proving a draw it is proving here watching the next videos
states of Brazil and let the best imagine if I stayed in this mine
chair that was that guy who came in second in the second round and who
can is happening all over Brazil because look here the governors of the most
it’s more radical left wingers, you know, and this guy is from that line that would be
doing at all taking advantage of this moment ok trust zap sorry here ok
I am sorry that it would never support a situation of this shock and brings residence
so there will be three four five eight people chatting ok here there are several
people there in the field could enter here also there in the corner here away
the second last here in the corner here ok I could enter here also here I will not
entering the store is not going to be okay but you will come
hi good night president 'the council approved this week the renewal of
fundeb the basic education development fund wanted to know the opinion
about the final text that was approved that is now going to the Senate
to the liking of the economic team it was a victory of the government the good president
night when you know that that economical has its line in any
government right sometimes it escapes a little bit from what you think now as
I said from the beginning back there I have to believe in my minister
when I believe or are doing something here is in disagreement agreed back there
what my campaign was milton paulo guedes' hair cut like
always said back there right my ipiranga post I have to follow his line
because this is something I disagree with him with for example who gave it a while ago
here is one was from paulo guedes went to study there from here for economic he
died burdening the products of the basic basket he did not put
the job there wages down there the informals have lost your income and we will
pay the basic basket product there is something there that you can even talk about
exonerate other things that without comment is soybean rice rice oil
sugar salt so this is this approval from fundeb here that the team
economic it was going to have currency collection fell quite wanted it is a a percentage
smaller or start 22 this is true but what happened since it happened that
came coast in bed the proposal of forty percent that negotiated for the
our side largely by major vitor hugo and general ramos is coming
at 23 percent and it was a vote by mutual agreement is heavy is it who will do
the budget, right, a part of the federal government that sends the parliament they will
the payment does not have to look for a source of funds for that, so the ideal would be that
if you are sweetie you don't need a municipality he didn't need to leave he gave but
we need to answer and we have to understand why fundeb would end there
this end of the year now it’s not even sunk like the beautiful government was
united to disunity is has no tendency to break fundraising we
we reached a 23 percent agreement and the left wanted to bill as if it were a
their work they put pressure on the pt doesn’t put pressure on anyone else
to impress someone pc b b psol without comment has comment now wanted
right, it's like attacking us saying that we went in defeat our not we did
what is so co-responsible is that all party leaders all
resolution indicated yes half a dozen parliamentary ps and did not put no
ask him who has doubts ask him who to put has to
put it in the port, right, part of the press used a lot of good lists, lists voted against
fundeb and the lack of character
that's it bro the wickedness that is common in the middle of this so in my understanding it was
good size 6 years from now will be reviewed this will be rescheduled to
over the course of six years we expect the economy to pick up because if it is not the
the Brazilian government cannot take more of the tax burden, it is possible to
recipe agreed with paulo guedes back there has no increase in cargo load
tax is a truth, there will be a resource to erase this, hence the advantage that
will be staggered from next year we want the most that beautiful much more
but if my parliament's irresponsibility was approved, it presented the
so this one so congratulations not the camera has already voted in the senate but not every
one goes to wait a few more days then the scenario will surely
confirm this then hi and the life that follows uses is now here
we need, right, and it’s not easy to do what education works in Brazil that doesn’t
works on the left if it boasts of saying that it managed to increase the
fundeb I don't know what but the inheritance that we have on the left is nothing to
education nothing nothing and a bad quality education who proves who
this proves the evidence of the steps in less than 70 countries above the line last
places the discipline that is charged right that the text interpretation sciences and
math up to a simple rule of three the 15 year old kids have
difficulty in executing simple rule 3 he goes a compound and
text interpretation also in the seventy percent fails to
interpret a text my second paragraph does not understand that it took
first this sale of the paulo freire method so admired by the left but
that left the more people the recognition and not see oh I love you
deleted on papaya one hit a project access the list on the other piece that
they are interested in dominating education since the military period but
now there is no flaw, there is also a lot of things to leave the name there a lot
focused on human the technical part or mathematics almost in the background
there is a huge expenditure on education in Brazil, especially in teaching
university and to change that there will not be overnight
arrives the triple list for sale to choose the university dean and
logically laborious but people right on curriculum heap of things list
triple interest that was the most voted or not we will put seeing the
party affiliation often the guy the 31 is militant is affiliated to the pt another
good person another person you have no alternative to
it is because he knows he grandson what in part these people think of education
in brazil but something facebook 25,000 youtube 32,000 crosses 80,000 that I
do we left us in the dust here some or this i will cut the cell phone
you there after the dust here focus of Brazil 12 thousand and the young pan news enters
along with those crossing us from the sum of 12 thousand to 92 thousand so there you go
ending now the people who were in mine on my page give me here later
to put the link here for the young pan radio it's just going to young pan for
follow the comments these fantastic people there that make up this team of
ok drop ok it's ugly guys good night everyone until thursday god willing
cut gray on my front side says everything about railroad in Brazil and other
things more about infrastructure a young girl the biggest